[Autogenerated] So now it's time to create an AWS account,
and you can do that right from that free tier page.
There's a link to create a free account,
and it'll have you walk through a series of short
forms to collect your email address, create account name.
Choose an account type, which in this case would be personal.
Provide your contact info and, of course, that payment information.
The payment information gets verified with $1 or one euro charged to your card,
and then that's removed after you verified it,
so it won't really cost you anything.
You'll also need to verify your identity by way of a text message or an email.
The last decision is to choose a support plan,
and here you would choose basic, which is free.
That's the last step,
and then the next thing you'll see is a welcome to Amazon Web services.
It should only take a few minutes for your account to be ready to use. Now we're ready to head over to Visual studio to continue working with AWS